docs: use RFC 2119 keywords (#9532)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/DOC_WRITING_GUIDELINES.md

+ Don't abuse `code` format when writing in plain English.
+ Follow Google developer documentation [style guide](https://developers.google.com/style).
+ Check the meaning of words in Microsoft's [A-Z word list and term collections](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/style-guide/a-z-word-list-term-collections/term-collections/accessibility-terms) (use the search input!).

> + Use RFC keywords: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

Reviewer: I totally agree that we should use these definitions for ADRs, but less sure about docs in general. It might read too much as a formal spec, whereas docs should keep a pleasant side.

My proposal is to remove these definitions for docs, only keep for ADRs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+ It is recommeneded to use RFC keywords: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).
```

maybe just a recommendation?

Author: I rephrased it. Could you re-check?

> + RFC keywords should be used in technical documents (uppercase) and we recommend to use them in user documentation (lower case). The RFC keywords are: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
+ RFC keywords should be used in technical documents (uppercase) and we recommend to use them in user documentation (lowercase). The RFC keywords are: "MUST", "MUST NOT", "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "SHOULD", "SHOULD NOT", "RECOMMENDED",  "MAY", and "OPTIONAL. They are to be interpreted as described in [RFC 2119](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc2119).
```
